The second nursery school opens in front of Tanabata every year before the Tanabata conversation Kaohsiung East Kindergarten , and this day is part of the nursery school visit
Children and parents
About 210 people participated
Introduction to the extension before migration children for chest date has been the practice of hard Ota life
Parents also said that you should enjoy the Tanabata party together
After this , children of 3 to 5 years old
Kirara star choir polka of ii hitting
All of the children showed cheerful singing voice while watching over their parents
Next was the panel theater by the teachers
Ye
Kindergarten of everyone and panel theater begins great interest the story of Orihime and Hikoboshi that coils round the Tanabata
I was listening to
The panel theater will later have children serving delicious food for the whole family
Nurture
Food education lecture titled fun meal balanced meal was held
During the university's modern education department early childhood education department Yes full-time lecturer Keiko Baba is eating habits for child care
About various influence to give
I explained using the slide
Lava is a growing teen, when bone density is rising
Stretched steadily to growth home yesterday for stalls is more than when the increase in bone density a 20-year-old
Need to go
Especially don't let the girl in the growing season make an impossible diet
He told me to eat well, exercise well, and keep me from losing it
It is difficult to bring up children, but in the meantime children
I think that it is important to have the ability to grow up by myself
After all I eat
The Importance of Speaking, The Enjoyment of Eating and
a
Such high that feels the number of roons which food grows up
That opportunity to find power
What job which you could say is enjoying a family together or our Ku has been fun food
This letter is written that it makes people better
That's why it's a job that will increase people
I thought I wanted to